README.md, before:

# Checklist Project

## Description & Goals
I want the checklist program to be a program that allows me to record tasks & goals, see that which I have previously recorded & interact with to note completion. In addition, it should be able to organize those tasks & goals in both visually & logically pleasing ways. In doing this, it should help me stay focused on the tasks I need & want to accomplish while also keeping my motivation to continue up by indicating my progress & celebrating my completion. It should also bend to accommodate my varied needs & desires, including being phone-accessible.

## Project Structure

### Views
- Home
- List (add, check off & remove items from here)
- Edit list (change properties of list from here)
- List of lists (add & remove lists from here)

### Objects
- ToDoList (contains ToDoItems)
- ToDoItem (belongs to a ToDoList, is done?, creation date, completion date, recurring?, completion type (do you do this once or keep doing it all day?), order on list)

## Technologies Used

Commit message:

Added user functionality to project description in README.md, created a textfile for mockups of views & mocked up the checklist view.

README.md, after:

# Checklist Project

## Description & Goals
I want the checklist program to be a program that allows me to record tasks & goals, see that which I have previously recorded & interact with to note completion. In addition, it should be able to organize those tasks & goals in both visually & logically pleasing ways. In doing this, it should help me stay focused on the tasks I need & want to accomplish while also keeping my motivation to continue up by indicating my progress & celebrating my completion. It should also bend to accommodate my varied needs & desires, including being phone-accessible. There should also be user login with passwords so that multiple ppl an use the app.

## Project Structure

### Views
- Home
- List (add, check off & remove items from here)
- Edit list (change properties of list from here)
- List of lists (add & remove lists from here)

### Objects
- ToDoList (contains ToDoItems)
- ToDoItem (belongs to a ToDoList, is done?, creation date, completion date, recurring?, completion type (do you do this once or keep doing it all day?), order on list)

## Technologies Used
